Pr/0001 link list in at cmd notif (#1163)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/at_notif.rst

.. _at_notif_readme:

> AT command notification manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AT command notifications
```

###############################

> AT-command notifications can be dispatched to registered modules. Modules can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AT command notifications can be dispatched to registered modules. 
Modules can register a callback function to receive AT command notifications as raw string.
```

Reviewer: Please start every sentence on a new line.

register a callback function to receive AT-command notifications as raw string.
Multiple instances, which can be identified by pointers to contexts, are also

> supported. Modules can also de-register the callback function as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules can de-register the callback function to stop receiving notifications.
```

API documentation
*****************

> | Header file: :file:`at_notif.h`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Header file: :file:`include/at_notif.h`
```

> | Source file: :file:`at_notif.c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source file: :file:`lib/at_notif/at_notif.c`
```

.. _at_notif_readme:

AT command notifications
###############################

AT command notifications can be dispatched to registered modules. 
Modules can register a callback function to receive AT command notifications as
raw string.  register a callback function to receive AT-command notifications as
raw string.  Multiple instances, which can be identified by pointers to
contexts, are also Modules can de-register the callback function to stop
receiving notifications.

> 

Reviewer: Sorry, looks like this was messed up by the suggestions. :(

Should be like this:

AT command notifications can be dispatched to registered modules. 
Modules can register a callback function to receive AT command notifications as raw string.  
Multiple instances, which can be identified by pointers to contexts, are also supported.
Modules can de-register the callback function to stop receiving notifications.

Author: Replaced by the paragraph above to the at_notif.rst in the last push.
